Justin Chin Summer 2017 

### Project Objectives 
- Implement algorithms for standard operations on common data structures and discuss the complexity of the operations.  
- Comment on the features of different traversal methods for graphs and other data structures.  
- Formulate and implement solutions to problems using fundamental graph algorithms e.g. depth-first and breadth-first search and a shortest-path algorithm.

Project Requirements
- Contains at least one class.
- Contains at least one graph and one other data structure that we’ve studied this semester.
- Class contain at least 7 public methods.

### Project Summary
The motivation for this project was to create an application that could "match" or pair up students from different colleges and majors based on their interests or knowledge of programming/artistic skill.

Each student or "Person" have properties or "Traits" regarding
Interests [VR, Film, Games, Education]
School [ATLAS, CS, Arts and Science, TAM]
Rank [Freshman, Sophomore, Junior, Senior, Graduate] 


Different views of compatibiltiy among students are generated by choosing based
1. Sorted Group 
2. Connection "Edge Criterion"
3. Compatibility "Weight Criterion"

From these network graphs, you could possibly identify/answer
- students with similar skills and similar interests in each College Major
- common Interests and College Majors based on Skills/Programming Knowledge

Public methods allow for
- Adding a new student
- Seeding the graph network with randomized students
- Removing a student from the graph network
- Selecting the criteria for (Sorting the Groups, Connections, and Compatibility)
- Calculating the network of students based the selected criterion

### How to Run
This program needs:
1) A traits txt file delimited with commas (,)
   Each trait is described below...
   
2) A people txt file with each person's name on a new line.  For the time being the application only uses first names (one word) and there cannot by any duplicate names.



### Dependencies
No Dependencies

### System Requirements
Can be run from Linux terminal calling
./juch6102FinalProj_main traitfilename.txt peoplefilename.txt 

### Open issues/bugs
1.  No duplicate names
2.  Only takes 1 word names at the moment.  
3.  Does not take predefined people with Traits
